Add a guide for the I2Pd Daemon (#27)
AleDenshi/comfy.guide: content/server/i2p-daemon.md

## Guide Information
title: "I2P Daemon"
description: 'Run a website on the invisible internet.'
icon: 'i2p-daemon.svg'
date: 2024-07-07
ports: [8080]

## Author Information
author: "David Uhden"

## Web presense links
links:
  website: "https://github.com/daviduhden"

## Cryptocurrency donation options
crypto:
  xmr: "497pJc7X4xqKvcLBLpSUtRgWqMMyo24u4btCos3cak6gbMkpobgSU6492ztUcUBghyeHpYeczB55s38NpuHoH5WGNSPDRMH"
  btc: "3MDoGJW9TLMTCDGrR9bLgWXfm6sjmgy86f"
  
---

> I2P, also known as the "Invisible Internet Project," is a decentralized anonymizing network designed to protect users' privacy and anonymity. I2P uses "[garlic routing](https://geti2p.net/en/docs/how/garlic-routing)", a technique that bundles multiple messages together into a single encrypted packet. This offers advantages over onion routing by increasing the efficiency and security of the network, as it is harder for adversaries to correlate packets and trace them back to their source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I2P, also known as the "Invisible Internet Project", is a decentralized network designed to protect users' privacy and anonymity. I2P uses "[garlic routing](https://geti2p.net/en/docs/how/garlic-routing)", a technique that bundles multiple messages together into a single encrypted packet. This offers advantages over onion routing by increasing the efficiency and security of the network, as it is harder for attackers to correlate packets and trace them back to their source.
```

> ## Some Technical Differences Between Tor and I2P

Reviewer: Capitalisation of every word here sounds weird and unnatural
```suggestion
## Some technical differences between Tor and I2P
```

> 1. **Network Structure**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Network structure**:
```

   - **Tor**: Uses a centralized directory system to manage and maintain the network. This directory helps users find nodes and establish circuits for their traffic.
   - **I2P**: Employs a fully decentralized network without a central directory. Nodes use a distributed hash table (DHT) to find routes dynamically.

> 2. **Routing Mechanism**:
>    - **Tor**: Utilizes "circuit-based" routing where a predetermined path is set for each connection, and data is passed through this fixed path.
>    - **I2P**: Uses "packet-based" routing where each packet may take a different path to reach the destination. This can potentially enhance resilience and reduce latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Routing mechanism**:
   - **Tor**: Utilizes "circuit-based" routing where a predetermined path is set for each connection, and data is passed through this fixed path.
   - **I2P**: Uses "packet-based" routing where each packet may take a different path to reach the destination. This can potentially improve strength and reduce latency.
```

> 3. **Traffic and Services**:
>    - **Tor**: Primarily focuses on enabling anonymous web browsing and offers access to regular websites through its network. It also supports onion services (hidden services) accessible only within the Tor network.
>    - **I2P**: Designed to support a wide range of applications including web browsing, email, file sharing, and chat within its network. It provides an internal ecosystem of services, accessible only through I2P.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Traffic and services**:
   - **Tor**: Primarily focuses on anonymous web browsing and offers access to regular websites through its network. It also supports onion (hidden) services accessible only within the Tor network.
   - **I2P**: Designed to support a wide range of applications including web browsing, email, file sharing, and chat within its network. It provides its own ecosystem of services, accessible only through I2P.
```

4. **Protocol Support**:

>    - **Tor**: Supports only TCP, which is suitable for web browsing and other TCP-based applications.
>    - **I2P**: Supports both TCP and UDP protocols, making it more versatile for different types of applications, including those that require real-time communication or are optimized for UDP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Tor**: Supports only TCP, which is suitable for web browsing and other TCP-based applications.
   - **I2P**: Supports both TCP and UDP protocols, making it suitable for different types of applications, including those that require real-time communication or are optimized for UDP.
```
